His mind was blown that there was nothing in space except space itself.
There was no telling what thoughts would come from the machine.
25 years later, she still regretted that specific moment.
You'll see the rainbow bridge after it rains cats and dogs.
She works two jobs to make ends meet; at least, that was her reason for not having time to join us.
Dolores wouldn't have eaten the meal if she had known what it actually was.
They called out her name time and again, but were met with nothing but silence.
Today we gathered moss for my uncle's wedding.
I really want to go to work, but I am too sick to drive.
She learned that water bottles are no longer just to hold liquid, but they're also status symbols.
He was willing to find the depths of the rabbit hole in order to be with her.
The secret code they created made no sense, even to them.
As he entered the church he could hear the soft voice of someone whispering into a cell phone.
She was the type of girl who wanted to live in a pink house.
Their argument could be heard across the parking lot.
There are few things better in life than a slice of pie.
Fluffy pink unicorns are a popular status symbol among macho men.
Today we gathered moss for my uncle's wedding.
He had unknowingly taken up sleepwalking as a nighttime hobby.
He wore the surgical mask in public not to keep from catching a virus, but to keep people away from him.
He picked up trash in his spare time to dump in his neighbor's yard.
Patricia loves the sound of nails strongly pressed against the chalkboard.
Every manager should be able to recite at least ten nursery rhymes backward.
Martha came to the conclusion that shake weights are a great gift for any occasion.
Warm beer on a cold day isn't my idea of fun.
I love eating toasted cheese and tuna sandwiches.
The white water rafting trip was suddenly halted by the unexpected brick wall.
It was the best sandcastle he had ever seen.
They got there early, and they got really good seats.
He was surprised that his immense laziness was inspirational to others.
She borrowed the book from him many years ago and hasn't yet returned it.
He didn't want to go to the dentist, yet he went anyway.
His son quipped that power bars were nothing more than adult candy bars.
Separation anxiety is what happens when you can't find your phone.
It would have been a better night if the guys next to us weren't in the splash zone.
The fog was so dense even a laser decided it wasn't worth the effort.
The Tsunami wave crashed against the raised houses and broke the pilings as if they were toothpicks.
Toddlers feeding raccoons surprised even the seasoned park ranger.
Nothing seemed out of place except the washing machine in the bar.
She was the type of girl who wanted to live in a pink house.
He stomped on his fruit loops and thus became a cereal killer.
He kept telling himself that one day it would all somehow make sense.
Greetings from the galaxy MACS0647-JD, or what we call home.
It had been sixteen days since the zombies first attacked.
He quietly entered the museum as the super bowl started.
His mind was blown that there was nothing in space except space itself.
She always had an interesting perspective on why the world must be flat.
The tortoise jumped into the lake with dreams of becoming a sea turtle.
The memory we used to share is no longer coherent.
At that moment she realized she had a sixth sense.
The beauty of the sunset was obscured by the industrial cranes.
Everyone was curious about the large white blimp that appeared overnight.
The waitress was not amused when he ordered green eggs and ham.
At that moment he wasn't listening to music, he was living an experience.
You can't compare apples and oranges, but what about bananas and plantains?
I would be delighted if the sea were full of cucumber juice.
I was very proud of my nickname throughout high school but today- I couldn't be any different to what my nickname was.
Charles ate the french fries knowing they would be his last meal.
A purple pig and a green donkey flew a kite in the middle of the night and ended up sunburnt.
Buried deep in the snow, he hoped his batteries were fresh in his avalanche beacon.
He ran out of money, so he had to stop playing poker.
No matter how beautiful the sunset, it saddened her knowing she was one day older.
The toy brought back fond memories of being lost in the rain forest.
She wondered what his eyes were saying beneath his mirrored sunglasses.
When motorists sped in and out of traffic, all she could think of was those in need of a transplant.
The elephant didn't want to talk about the person in the room.
A quiet house is nice until you are ordered to stay in it for months.
I love eating toasted cheese and tuna sandwiches.
Sometimes it is better to just walk away from things and go back to them later when you're in a better frame of mind.
He picked up trash in his spare time to dump in his neighbor's yard.
Random words in front of other random words create a random sentence.
I'm a great listener, really good with empathy vs sympathy and all that, but I hate people.
They say that dogs are man's best friend, but this cat was setting out to sabotage that theory.
There were white out conditions in the town; subsequently, the roads were impassable.
Having no hair made him look even hairier.
The sudden rainstorm washed crocodiles into the ocean.
The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog.
The murder hornet was disappointed by the preconceived ideas people had of him.
The ants enjoyed the barbecue more than the family.
Potato wedges probably are not best for relationships.
Please take your dog, Cali, out for a walk, he really needs some exercise!
What a beautiful day it is on the beach, here in beautiful and sunny Hawaii.
Rex Quinfrey, a renowned scientist, created plans for an invisibility machine.
Do you know why all those chemicals are so hazardous to the environment?
You never did tell me how many copper pennies were in that jar; how come?
Max Joykner sneakily drove his car around every corner looking for his dog.
The two boys collected twigs outside, for over an hour, in the freezing cold!
When do you think they will get back from their adventure in Cairo, Egypt?
Trixie and Veronica, our two cats, just love to play with their pink ball of yarn.
We climbed to the top of the mountain in just under two hours; isn't that great?
Hector quizzed Mr. Vexife for two hours, but he was unable to get any information.
I have three things to do today: wash my car, call my mother, and feed my dog.
Xavier Puvre counted eighty large boxes and sixteen small boxes stacked outside.
The Reckson family decided to go to an amusement park on Wednesday.
That herd of bison seems to be moving quickly; does that seem normal to you?
All the grandfather clocks in that store were set at exactly 3 o'clock.
There are so many places to go in Europe for a vacation--Paris, Rome, Prague, etc.
Those diamonds and rubies will make a beautiful piece of jewelry.
The steamboats seemed to float down the Mississippi River at a snail's pace.
In order to keep up at that pace, Zack Squeve would have to work all night.
